src/website/jade/convert-your-android-app-to-ios/fifth.markdown, before:

### 5. Google Play has outstanding marketing opportunities

Metadata is the most important factor of app discoverability. Once your app is ready for sale **on the iOS App Store, making amends in the title, description or screenshots is quite a hassle**. For such changes to take effect you need to submit a new version of the app. Not only is this expensive, but it might take as long as three weeks. Apple has recently been much stricter about this compared to the past years. Apps are now often rejected just because they seem to not change much but the keywords or screenshots. Imagine you have an important bug fix, but the reviewer won't let your app through, because it doesn't appear to be much different?!

In contrast, **changing the metadata is a breeze with the Google Play Store on Android**. You can edit your app, update the title or make any necessary changes and instantly publish. There's more to it than that. There is an even richer way to present your app with a featured video.

If that sounds a bit complex, we are here to help. In addition to converting you app from iOS to android, we also offer support around the publishing of your app. Please send us your email address via the form above and we will get back to you with more information. We would be happy if you replied.

Commit message:

feat: content for android=>ios and new form urls

src/website/jade/convert-your-android-app-to-ios/fifth.markdown, after:

### 5. iOS apps provide better visibility not only for the apps but also for their owners

The iTunes store is a huge searchable database comprising verified applications that have accurate description of the app’s developer / developing organization. Due to the large size of Apple’s database, the information contained in it gets linked to popular search engines, which leads to the developer’s name being highlighted in the general search results as well. This acts as a complementary SEO undertaking where the visibility of the app and its brand is made available to greater audience, thereby ensuring greater reach for the app. Such visibility is crucial for generating the required revenues and also for targeting larger consumer bases for expanding the scope of the respective business. Such benefits are available only when non-iOS apps are ported onto iOS platform. Additionally, the enhanced visibility of the app and its brand saves up on the marketing costs of the company which acts as an indirect benefit. Apple being a global brand, enables the apps to be made available to either global audience or region-specific audience. This helps the business to establish a global image with profitable opportunities being made available owing to enhanced online visibility.
