src/website/jade/convert-your-android-app-to-ios/third.markdown, before:

### 3. Google Play is publisher friendly

iOS App publishing is a lucrative business opportunity, but it requires an immense upfront investment. Once your app is developed, you would want it out on the market as soon as possible. Maybe you even need to meet a certain deadline for an event. However, if you have developed an app compatible for iOS only, surprises might be manyfold. If you have been **rejected by Apple**, you know what we are talking about.

**On Android's app store – Google Play – all you need to launch an app is a developer account**. Your app gets a listing without being reviewed, so you have a better shot at recovering your costs and taking higher risks for new and innovative approaches. This is worth repeating: You will not be stuck in review. What a world of opportunity. Fast releases and testing suddenly became so much easier, right?

It gets even better. With recently introduced features, Google Play allows you to roll out new versions of your apps to a limited percentage of your user base. By doing this, you can test new features, bug fixes or styling changes and get early feedback without burning your entire customer base.

Sounds complicated? No worries, we are happy to help you with all of the above and more. Please send us your email address using the form above and we'll get back to you.

Commit message:

feat: content for android=>ios and new form urls

src/website/jade/convert-your-android-app-to-ios/third.markdown, after:

### 3. iOS apps have greater reliability than Android apps

A key feature of Apple’s store is its intensive and exhaustive review process wherein every app that is submitted to the store is reviewed for all possible bugs before it is provided approval. This is a huge quality assurance and forms the basis for the confidence of the users in iOS apps. Due to such stringent quality assurance measures and accurate app provider descriptions, it is easy to verify the reliability of these apps. Android apps on the Google store may not have undergone a mandatory review process. This is the reason behind the existence of various useless or non-performing apps. It is due to this that users are often deterred from exploring the Android market extensively. With greater reliability in iOS apps, users have an increased willingness to try new apps without the fear of the device being affected by malware or faulty applications. This helps to build greater faith on the business that has related apps on the iOS platform. From a business perspective, such reliability and faith is beneficial for garnering new consumers and also for retaining existing consumers. This is why business entities have sought to convert their Android apps (if any) to iOS.
